hi everyone okay so i want to talk a
little about david i know david from
occupy uh what i was doing in occupy was
i was actually coordinating all the
media a lot of media we were doing a lot
of the live streams from the square and
also all the video stuff and so on and
we try to throw the message from the
square we're trying to empower the folks
in the square
to tell what's going on to the world
and david was obviously one of the
people who was doing a lot of the
philosophy behind our movement
so the thing about
david which is very interesting actually
a lot of speakers
touched upon this
leading up to this
is that a lot of the work david did
was not
exactly
watered by the establishment even
including some institutions he worked
for
for example the way yale university
got rid of him
is a perfect example
uh so something interesting happened
when
when this event was being planned or
this event came together
because
um museums of uh the queen sophia of
madrid
which is pretty much like the spanish
state
contacted nico six months ago
is that correct you correct me
so we
explain explain what happened okay so we
conducted museums uh and uh
our friends and they very nicely agreed
to help and they tried to help us
for months like really working and
trying to do their best
pay insurance for us
and we're really kind but still we
didn't get the permission to a puzzle
and why because it's not possible okay
so different opinions no we wasn't
because it was so innocent
uh what we try to do and hopefully we
will be able to do it in london
but uh okay yeah so it's not like
but last year's this is no permissions
in madrid the thing is kind of event
the issue is that
we got to this event and a few days ago
we found out that the city of madrid
the government
is going to
ban chalking on the street
this is why they approved a new nazi
parade
for the gay neighborhood went through
last weekend
so
okay
of course when
i was one of the persons who wrote the
whole list called i'm sorry if
i offended anyone
but
the reality is it's very interesting
actually the davis memorial
happened here
the physical part of it happened here
today
in madrid both places because madrid is
kind of like
i mean aside from hungary maybe
it's like the fascist center of
europe it is the center of
gentrification i mean the downtown
madrid is destroyed the only thing left
is tourists
carrying bags to the airbnbs
one your beers
or the artists are gone
i mean they're still there but they're
being displaced and you have this huge
gentrification thing but it's it's on
steroids
and it's basically and you have this
whole champion thing going on when even
like the wrestling neighborhoods are
voting to the right wing and so on
and you have this whole effort so just
make more money
but you know the false capitalism this
is the tempo of it i mean not the
physical space itself
the space was offered by the community
and it's one of the most remaining
amazing community gardeners in madrid
that we're actually hosting this in so
anyway
important thing is that this memorial
this government the fascist government
of madrid try to ban the memory of david
and we should take that
in the sense almost as a victory
because if someone needs to try to ban
the memory that means
what he stood for
what he worked for what he accomplished
is actually threatening
the model
so i'll say that another thing is i'm
with new yorker
and i'm actually here in spain because
like as things turn out after occupy and
as i was doing all this other work
related to black president and so on but
u.s government decided to designate me
and my wife as terrorists and we've had
all kinds of crazy adventures right
and so one of the important things in
all of this is solidarity
and it's what i'm going to urge people
and think about it for a second that
like when you go through this kind of
struggles when you go through these
fights
it's very important when you look next
to yourself
your comrades you can count on them
so i would actually tell people to
reflect and this is why
it's kind of serious and this is no joke
you need to be able to count on people
who are next to you and if you can't if
you suddenly find yourself if you're
surrounded by hypocrites or whatever
your problem so give it up anyway david
did amazing work
he
decor in the world the nine i mean that
phrase where the 99
was the ultimate like correction you
know a sentiment of unity with united so
that's like
just that by itself aside from all his
ideological work he did is a huge thing
in itself so i want to study david i
want to see all of you who came here
today
and
who wants to speak next